since 2022. The future of software is in
question. This is from the investor
community but also customers. It is a
very pivotal moment on the software
stack. And then you look at the software
stack and you say okay what is the one
thing that will always be there? How
many companies today that are there that
are more than 10 billion in just pure
play software revenue? It's single
digits. Why is that? The software
industry has been around for a long time
created by many many smart people like
yourself. Why is it [music] only
singledigit companies are more than 10
billion in revenue? Because
>> platforms are rare.
>> Platforms are rare. Speed matters. When
technology transitions happen, are you
building as fast as you can? And then
are you learning on that technology
shift? Whether it's the internet age or
AI age or mobile, are you pivoting fast?
It's just that you have to stay ahead of
that game. If you fall behind that game,
investors or customers will always ask
you that [music] question, what is the
future of your company?
>> Welcome to the very first live recording
of the No Priors podcast with host Sarah
Guo and MongoDB president and CEO CJ
Desai. Hey everyone, I am so happy to be
here with you guys and my uh longtime
friend CJ. I know you guys have had a
great day of announcements and and
learnings here at the conference, but I
I'm really excited personally to have
the opportunity to zoom out with CJ to
talk about uh the future of software um
what's happening in SAS and and where
the value is going to be. These are
important questions to me in my you know
day job as a as a venture investor. Um
so CJ, you have worked at these platform
enterprise software and infrastructure
companies. uh became CEO of MongoDB
recently. I feel like the one question
that we were just talking about that
every investor asks you and then
everybody in the technology ecosystem
has the back of their mind is what is
the value of software when you can
generate a bunch of software and and so
I I'd love to just get your thoughts on
this.
>> That's a very spicy question to start
with. I like it.
>> I'm making sure everybody's awake.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> U first thank you for doing no prior
live for the first time. it's made in
and we have a really good crowd here.
So, uh it's always exciting.
You know when you think about technology
transitions software whether you look at
internet age or mainframe all the way
till AI you have to really think through
what is the mode here right whichever
applications you create you know SAS
applications got created late '9s right
late '90s I think Salesforce had their
25 years anniversary recently and so SAS
has been around for at least 25 years
from from a transition perspective and
now with AI the question is just in
general what is the future of software
what's the stack and do you really have
a moat as a company or not there are
folks uh who will say hey my moat is I
have a great customer relationship or my
channel is amazing and that's my mode as
I disrupt myself within um but from my
standpoint speed matters matters, right?
Speed matters. So when technology
transitions happen, are you building as
fast as you can and then are you
learning on that technology shift?
Whether it's the internet age or AI age
or mobile back in u early 2010 when meta
made the pivot towards uh mobile are you
pivoting fast and if you pivot fast to
leverage the technology whatever the
platform shifts are happening, I think
it is fine. It's just that you have to
stay ahead of that game. If you fall
behind that game, investors or customers
will always ask you that question, what
is the future of your company? And that
is something you have to be on the
leading edge. Not every bet will work.
But from my standpoint,
the just going on the extreme terminal
value being zero for some of the
software, they are overblown. uh and you
know uh we'll figure this out together.
part of your career you were leading
product at service now it is a fran it
is one of the most durable enterprise
software companies or so everyone
assumed until relatively recently and
now now this question is up for debate
um I I think for a lot of people within
an engineering mindset who think about
buying developer tools or using
developer infrastructure uh the the word
like customer stickiness or distribution
as the moat it feels very abstract can
you just talk a little bit about like
how important you know service now as an
example is to its customers and why what
you think about that.
>> One of the things is platforms are
sticky products are not.
>> Okay.
>> So no matter which software company you
create today in the world of uh in the
age of AI or you created in the past
products can be replaced. uh my hiring
manager at service now Frank Slutman
used to say tools are for fools as in if
you say this is a software tool
>> that's never a good sign and that's why
he used to say that tools are for fools
uh so one is products can be replaced
because that's a fast uh software is a
disruptive market so you want to make
sure that you have a platform that you
are positioning to the customer whether
it's a builder here in San Francisco
that is creating a brand new company for
a use case all the way to a very large
company that is selling to say a large
bank. Okay. So one is
when you position yourself as a platform
maybe that increases your sales cycle
versus selling hey you're using this now
you can use this go ahead and replace it
right so platforms are sticky because
it's a thoughtful decision from a
customer's perspective the second thing
that
>> this is actually not the general advice
of many people in the startup and VC
community so I want to I want to talk
about this a little bit and then I want
to get to your second point
>> um you You know a lot of people talk
about having like a wedge right and for
service now you know it service desk
would have been considered the wedge. Is
that not the right is that like a wrong
retelling of history here? I mean you
need an initial use case and that
initial use case has to be a killer use
case because if you go in front of a
large bank or a healthcare company or a
manufacturing company say you are
building something here uh with this
great audience we have you can say okay
this is a disruptive way to think of a
legal use case or a finance use case or
a help desk use case that's great that's
your entry point but then the entry that
was easy for you to get in if it was
disruptive
exit would be in a similar way easy uh
because they have not built things
around you right so that's that's the
main part that okay today it will work
for your maybe 0 to 100 million uh 0 to
10 10 to 100 whatever steps you want to
go in but it gets harder and harder set
up from 100 to billion billion to 5
billion and then 10 billion plus I mean
how many companies today that are there
that are more than 10 billion in
software,
>> 10 billion in just pure play software
revenue.
>> How many companies are there? It's
single digits.
>> Okay. Why is that? The software industry
has been around for a long time created
by many many smart people like
yourselves. Why is it only singledigit
companies are more than 10 billion in
revenue? Because
>> platforms are rare.
>> Platforms are rare and platforms are
rare. So one is your dream or aspiration
as a software company should that you
become a platform and once you are a
platform that means you have n equals at
least two you have two plus products
being used by your customers from
whatever you are offering they all work
in unison with each other so it's sticky
truly from a technology perspective and
then what I would argue further all the
integrations that your customer has to
do with their existing systems because
remember if you go to a large bank, bank
has been around for some of them 100
plus years. You go to a large insurance
company, they've been around for 100
plus years. If you go to a healthcare
company, same thing. You look at Fortune
10, Fortune 100, Fortune 500, that's
where the TAM is. Mhm.
>> And if that's where the time is and you
go there and if it is just a product
eventually you're going to max out and
then you'll have to uh add multiple
things. So if you're a platform you're
sticky products work with each other and
then those products work with all the
systems you have and I'll just make it
very specific speaking to a bank on
behalf of MongoDB. They run their
commercial banking applications on top
of MongoDB. They have built lot of other
integrations. They have done all the
security checks, governance, all of that
stuff. And I said, "Wow, gee, how many
applications you have built on MongoDB?"
They say very critical and that matter.
I said, "How many?" And finally the CTO
tells me in London, "30." I said, "Wow,
okay, that's great. 300 applications
built on MongoDB." I said, "Cj, don't
worry. Thank you for coming to London.
We are not going anywhere." I said, "Can
I just ask you what's the denominator? I
understand the numerator is 300." He
said,
9,000. I said 9,000 that's a great
opportunity for MongoDB. [laughter]
Uh so
>> he said I'm not going anywhere.
>> I'm not going. So that's when the more
they use the more sticky we get and then
we are in the fabric of their
infrastructure. So, so the other premise
that you know some builders and buyers
and and uh investors now have is those
9,000 applications
uh with vibe coding being possible or
engineering and some code generation
uh
some set of those are just going to be
you know made on demand or you know in
niche ways by every company. What's your
take on this? and that and that's the
way that this bank or whoever it is as a
customer is going to get exactly what
they want and they're not going to be
horizontal more standardized or even
vertical applications anymore.
>> Yeah. But if you are you know trying to
sell banks have huge budget for
technology right so okay you used a V
coding platform AB and C you created an
app great so your app velocity has
increased if you used MongoDB it
accelerated just kidding okay but your
app velocity is high got it but you
still need that go to market channel how
are you going to approach the bank and
then what is your true disruptive way
and then the bank will ask you hey we
talk to regulators a lot more than we
speak to our customers and vendors
>> stuff
>> uh yeah will will this work will it pass
our regulatory test we need resiliency
oh what do you mean you have just built
in AWS it doesn't work in GCP I need
multi cloud resiliency oh I really need
for this banking application in onrem
truly sandboxed or better way to say it
is an air gap network. I mean these are
like enterprise class things that you
need where the TAM is.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. And so that's what
could hold you up that is this truly an
enterprise class application that you
can go to a healthcare company or a
public sector federal customer and do
that. So yes, wipe coding will allow you
to create an app fast. You have a great
use case. You have some disruption in
mind. That's excellent. But then there
is a lot of things that you need from a
go-to market perspective to be able to
break in, pass all their checks,
governance, security audits and things
like that.
>> You are and I want to talk about the
decision to join and and and lead
it in a minute, but um having worked at
these platform companies that are
incumbent, Service Now and Cloudfare and
such, um what would you do if you were
them or any other large enterprise
software vendor today? What do you think
is the the path to success five or 10
years from now that the investor
community does not understand?
>> Wow. What would I do if I was there so
recently at Cloudflare?
>> Um I I would say
the TAM for these platforms still exist
and the TAM is still large. So that's a
good thing because if you feel like your
TAM is decreasing or all of a sudden not
relevant anymore, uh that's an issue.
But whether it's MongoDB or anybody here
who are working on their company. So I
would say
you really really need to understand
what is that mode you have and you need
to protect that mode or maybe strengthen
that mode even more using AI. Whatever
that mode is. Okay. If the mode is truly
you are the platform you already have
integrated with 50 different systems in
that large healthcare company great why
can't you now integrate with 100 more uh
companies in there why can't you create
additional products for additional use
cases really fast using AI and continue
to show I want to say reaceleration of
growth that AI is really helping us
innovate more and sell more because if
you can't in if you say you're
innovating more but you're not selling
more
then you have potentially issues no
matter who you are any company I'm just
it's a generic comment but can you
innovate more can you disrupt within and
can you sell more that's what if I'm an
investor and you know we speak to
investors all the time that's what they
are looking for that hey would this will
AI reacelerate this company's growth and
unless you show reaceleration
they're going to say Okay, maybe I'm
neutral or in some extreme examples, I'm
a bear.
>> When you were at Service Now, you got a
lot of calls for different jobs. And at
CloudFare, you got a lot of calls from
different jobs. I know because I I
called you about several of them.
>> There's actually been this big shift of
dollars in the investor community. I'm
really thinking about public markets,
but also private markets from business
software to essentially AI
infrastructure. Yeah. Right. Um and the
model layer um
>> and maybe hyperscalers
>> and hyperscalers. Yes. Um uh the data
and developer infrastructure layer has
not been the focus of those that dollar
movement and you know you could have
done any of these things. Um how did you
think about what sectors would be
long-term relevant and it sounds like
you're pretty committed to being
platform. So be a platform. Yeah, it's
absolutely true that I I had choices and
choices are always hard or I could have
Cloudflare is a great company and I
could have stayed at Cloudflare. Um, so
from my perspective, the first thing I
look for is that is there a durable TAM,
right? And I started my career out of
college with Oracle Corporation and
understood how they scale the database
platform truly created apps on top of it
and bunch of other things during
Oracle's organic growth days before they
started buying uh various assets.
Learned a lot on how did they really
think about the database platform then
the middleware then the application
layer on top of it and so on. So one
with Cloudflare having understanding of
the database market large TAM uh that's
great uh and then MongoDB is also a
large TAM. So that's the sequencing
between Cloudflare and MongoDB. Uh
second with MongoDB
when I truly talked to I want to say
many many customers when I did my own
diligence on MongoDB
one of the surprises I had was
missionritical apps whether it's a
e-commerce app for a retailer or whether
it's a commercial banking app or a
healthcare app or an insurance claims
processing app these are a very critical
app and
database industry Oracle will celebrate
its 50th in year and a half. So it has
been around for a long time
>> 50 years.
>> MongoDB has been a truly disruptive
force with being created in 2007. So
it's been only 18-ish years. So there is
a large temp that could be disrupted
whether you believe database market has
been around 50 years or 60 years
>> and MongoDB is truly the only disruptive
force. And then the second thing I
learned by speaking to some of the
companies here in San Francisco area was
that some of the digital natives uh
around 2010 15 time frame and some of
now the AI natives that I spoke to were
building on top of MongoDB and I'm like
wow okay so there is something and when
the founders created the company they
didn't know that hey this it was like
almost accidental al that it will be
full of unstructured data and you would
want very high velocity and you will
need to be able to search on this which
is what AI application AI applications
just the data is so messy
>> and MongoDB is perfect for that so I
said okay cloud transition is going on
it's still going on when I speak to
Fortune 500 I can tell you without
hesitation they are all still talking
about I need to move x% of apps to GCP
AWS Azure some combination Alibaba in
Europe whatever the case might So that's
one but [clears throat] second AI
transition has just started. So if cloud
started with AWS we are in the almost
approaching 20th year and it's still
going on. AI will still go on and this
is a layer you must have. That's it. So
TAM must have layer no risk of
disruption.
I think it's actually a really
interesting observation that in this
clearly core and durable and very very
large market the number of like
pervasive disruptive technologies is
very few over many decades right and so
there's more to do
>> with that starting point
>> the previous CEO Dave wonderful human
being told me that CJ you know that
there have many attempts have been made
by many folks to create next version of
database and this and that or next
disruptive data database. Nobody has
passed billion and definitely nobody has
passed two billion and MongoDB did that.
So there's something special there.
>> When you when you think about the like
investor focus on the model layer versus
the application layer or the anxiety
they're they're anxious about the the
SAS applications. They're anxious about
data infrastructure because they're you
know it feels like the way you build
applications is still evolving very
quickly. Okay. Right.
>> Yep.
>> Um, and tell me if you disagree with any
of these assumptions. Uh, and then
they're anxious about the AI native
companies because they're worried that
all of the value ends up in the models.
So, I just feel like it's a very anxious
investor environment overall.
>> That's the bare thesis, right?
>> That is the bare thesis, but I I think
it is like the dominant thesis right now
in the
>> dominant thesis. Okay.
>> Uh, well, you know, change my mind on
the assumptions. what do you feel like
more confident on you know uh uh in
terms of um ways in which applications
will be valuable in the future
>> just even speaking to
since 2022 I think that's probably a
very uh pivotal moment with the chat GPT
in the fall
>> since 2022 now we are 3 years plus in
that journey I can I have never seen
this because it's been pretty uh static
for a while.
The future of software is in question.
is definitely in question and this is
from the investor community but also
customers that are asking hey should I
use X or should I use Y and whatever
right so definitely it is a very pivotal
moment on the software stack and then
you look at the software stack and you
say okay what is the one thing that will
always be there
I mean LLMs will be there uh for the
software stack for foreseeable future
when you are truly building AI
application that rely on that stack and
even you have seen lot of innovations in
you look at XAI came from nowhere kind
of and how well they are doing overall
but that stack will be there in the
agentic software framework so that's a
constant and the data layer has to be
there because you need to store data
somewhere so the data layer has to be
there. So that's the second one.
Everything you know uh that is around
that that's going to evolve and you
better show true value on whether you
use the platform analogy or whatever
whether it's the top layer of the stack
where you really understand use case for
the insurance industry and you are
building an AI native company for the
insurance industry. Insurance industry
has multitude of use cases.
You say okay please move from old SAS X
to new Y and this new Y the speed to
value is going to be this fast and we
will always be ahead and things that you
thought were not possible with the old
SAS are now possible because of AI.
So that use case focus on the top layer
besides the LLM and the data layer uh
will still always be critical. has
startup and individual developer
customers all the way to Fortune 10.
>> Yeah.
>> Almost all of them. Um, uh, what do you
hear from the, you know, buyers and
builders at the very largest companies
in terms of their real perspective on
like AI value and what they're excited
about or skeptical about now?
>> Yeah. So, I would say I feel it's a
total failure of a week if I don't speak
to at least 10 customers a week. that
requires a lot of prep, a lot of
follow-up, but it's usually at least 10.
Okay. And so I'm constantly getting this
data points and trying to do pattern
matching on what's going on. Um the
first thing I would say is that when you
think about Fortune 500 global 2000 and
the community there, some of them are
here. Uh it is still still not moving
very fast. A lot of them tried with the
office productivity type co-pilots.
>> Unclear how much value they got out of
it. They're like, "Okay, this really
works with my Excel or you know, can I
really do this thing or create a
PowerPoint slide using natural
language?" Uh, the feedback is not great
on the value they got. The feedback on
coding assistance that kind of took off
in 2024 in a meaningful way very very
positive 2024 and 20 started with GitHub
copilot then few others all the way to
Anthropic uh and so on. So 2025 was a
breakthrough year from my perspective on
the coding assistance and that's still
going on. I get very positive feedback
from customers. Hey, I'm using this
particular coding assistant or this one
and it has improved the innovation,
velocity, security, whatever I'm looking
at and so on. And then people are still
tinkering around customer support. um
you know that and on customer support
they're like okay truly if I'm a large
say telco or I'm a large healthcare
company can that fully be done on this
AI native company that does customer not
there yet right they are going after
initial use cases and that's great in
certain industries and [snorts]
>> you mean the endto-end customer
experience
>> end to end customer experience and the
question that I get from these customers
they asked me my perspective on SAS um
is that should I think about this AI
native company and customer support
as an end or an or
>> Mhm.
>> So I have a system of record on one of
the companies for customer support and
>> we can say Salesforce.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes. Um Salesforce and if I'm using
>> Yeah. and I'm using I have this
disruptive company that came and said
they can solve these problems uh do
these support cases should I think about
that as an and or an or ask them the
same questions you know we use these
systems of record SAS systems of record
and when somebody comes and says I'm
like are you a layer on the top of
system of record or you can replace the
whole because you will have my attention
as a leader if you say I'm going to
replace it it's going to be cheaper it's
going to be faster is going to be better
and oh by the way I have disrupted
pricing and for the value you get that's
when you pay me the money that's a
conversation I'll have every single day
>> that that's a very surprising attitude
actually I I mean I I think it is
risk-taking and the value that you're
asking for is much higher but you're
showing openness to you know a lot of
pain or you know uh being willing to
ignore a bunch of the sunk cost of the
implementation of the systems you
already have
>> yes
>> um and having built systems of record
yourself you think that's feasible that
other people will do that too
>> I mean absolutely if you are you know
our CIO here is in the audience deepa
and when we have this conversation she
gets approached by AI native companies
daily multiple times a day [laughter] uh
and uh when she comes and asks me how do
you think about that whether it's for go
to market sales marketing whatever the
case might be I said this is how I think
about it that if this allows us to hire
fewer our people makes our people more
efficient
then we will use that budget and I want
to be AI first organization on behalf of
MongoDB to say we are transforming our
business not making just productive
productive is okay but we are
transforming our business using AI
>> I I think that's really interesting
because a lot of the uh conventional
wisdom would be the system of record is
so embedded that you're going to come in
with a wedge or a layer on top
>> um and like that is different from what
you're describing which is I'm going to
sell platform and I'm willing to buy a
platform if the use case is good enough.
>> That's correct. Um but I actually think
you know go coming full circle that's a
very interesting opportunity for you
know MongoDB in particular because the
like one of the reasons you might
actually replace these systems of record
in this age is you want to keep much
richer information about interactions or
whatever else it is in your in your
system of record and uh it's messy it's
got to something right it might not be
Oracle anymore.
>> Yeah. I was talking to a European
retailer uh day before yesterday at NRF
in New York and they said they tried
bunch of systems of record for ERP
expensive failed implementations lots
lots of issues on supply chain all the
way to financials and decided they're
going to invest in just building it
themselves and they are building that on
MongoDB and I mean that's a great use
case and I'm like okay you had me at
hello and uh uh to do that but if these
kind of organizations are going to
transforms within or disrupt within I
asked uh Deepa our CIO the same question
that are there things that we can build
ourselves to disrupt within on MongoDB.
So that's the story and the compelling
value we can articulate also to our
customers.
>> Uh I want to take the last um couple
minutes that we have together to talk a
little bit about like leadership
especially as a product person. I I
think of you, you know, first and of
course as a CEO, but first and foremost
as an extraordinary product person. Um I
do think you talk a lot more about
business strategy and have for the you
know decade I've known you um than many
product people like when did you start
thinking about that as a product and
engineering person because when you
you're talking about defensibility modes
like how people buy you and I don't know
that's that's a that's a lot of business
orientation for somebody who's also you
know thinking about the product itself
>> I think it was um our CEO at the time
was John Thompson at Semantic and this
was early 2005ish time frame and I
learned a lot from him and specifically
his bar on how you interact with
customers, how you sell to them, how you
serve them, how you show up in front of
them was very very high. And through my
early career as a product person, I was
director of product management. I still
remember uh I made a huge impression on
me and then
>> and how was it higher than other
people's right because I think everybody
would be like oh I'm going to be a high
quality product director.
>> Yeah. Um what he basically taught me
Sarah was hey when you speak to
customers not only you ask them how we
can serve you better but ask them hey
what other problems they are having what
pain points they are having and you fly
there you meet them you have coffee with
them whatever it is truly understand
because it allows you to see around the
corner
>> and you cannot be a great pro one of the
best advice he gave me you cannot be a
great products and engineering person
unless less you speak to customers all
the time. Okay, all the time because
that will allow you to not only do a
pattern match but see around the corner.
So even when we have a platform story
and I'll say hey this is what u this
another retailer at NRF in New York on
Monday or Sunday I met him and he's a
CTO reports to the CEO and I said oh so
you use MongoDB for your ecom
application he said yep we're very happy
ecom is 20% of our revenue I said great
uh do you know that you are not using
our search uh do you know we also have
vector search he's like oh I didn't know
that my does my team know that and we
are following up with him. But this kind
of like having that customer intimacy
makes you much better of a product
person. I would say any product person
who thinks as you build they will come.
>> Mhm.
>> That does not happen and that gives you
the orientation that how do they think
about deploying your product? How long
will it take uh to deploy that product?
How much value they expect? And these
people I never say that a large bank
has bought say service now or
cloudflare. I will say it is Jeremy at
this large bank who made a bet on
cloudflare for example. So that has been
for last many many years that has given
me lot of on how do sales teams show up,
how do we price the customers, uh if
something bad happens, an outage happens
or something, how do we show up uh
during the crisis? Those are the things
that have really made me very very
grounded product person and
understanding the go to market channel
and the business strategy. Some of the
step function jumps that you know uh a
lot of SAS and infrastructure companies
don't make are from a single product to
multiple products right or maybe it's
because they were never platforms to
begin with but let's say like
[clears throat] to multi-product
>> um and then also you know it's
technology transitions right like
got Atlas to be great and dominant but
>> it was a question at some point I don't
know if we're allowed to say that right
and you know many companies
>> struggle through the cloud transition
will now have to address the the AI
transition. Um what do you think
differentiates like a product and
engineering organization that does it
versus fails?
>> Yeah, you get comfortable and I still
remember we were early on service now on
AI and when I'll speak to our
engineering team they're like oh this is
just something that's out there not sure
and I said no not leaning in is not an
option.
>> Mhm. not Ling this is a platform whether
it matures two years from now or four
years from now we have to do that so I
think it is a more of a change
management thing because if you are
doing something really really well
>> I mean I'm going to date myself you
think about Nokia handsets they were
doing really really well
>> and even if you think about Blackberry
do you know that when actually iPhone
launched I think I want to say three or
five quarters after now after the iPhone
Blackberry was still selling a lot and
was not being disrupted until it got
really disrupted. So this transitions
you know is a more of a change
management thing and that's when you
achieve the staff function to say like
MongoDB did the atlas transition or
multiloud transition nicely and they
have to do the AI transition nicely.
Fortunately, a lot of architectural
advantages are there, but they still
have to nail it and get the trust
information from the customer and that's
when it happens. Otherwise, you are on
the bare thesis that I'm not sure and
the only way you prove
investors wrong on the bare thesis
because sometimes they don't get it
right by reacelerating and showing that
hey, now we are back. We're out on time
here, but and and but I think this is
such an interesting question of uh can
the incumbents get AI right or not. Um
and one of the dynamics that I think is
worrying people is one of the ways you
sell as a very large incumbent is you
bundle a bunch of products together.
>> Yes.
>> And then you call a piece of the product
that may or may not be working for
customers cloud or you call it AI and
you do like let's say a bunch of like
pricing hy jinks to like make the
number. Um, and I I look at this and I
think it's so interesting because so
many talented people work at any of
these incumbents. And so my observation
would be you absolutely need people who
are committed to those transitions. A
leader with you know innovation as their
like um north star and you also need
like some guard rails for intellectual
honesty in the organization between what
like what is working for the 10
customers [clears throat] you talk to
every week and the street.
>> Yeah. Right. I agree and the only thing
I would say that's why even uh MongoDB
published our Q3 results I got asked
this question over and over again. Is
this because of AI? And I said
absolutely not. Yes. Uh
>> you're not allowed [laughter] to say
that.
>> Yeah. No, I said this is our core and
our core on CNBC I said it's our core.
Yes, we have AI native companies
building on MongoDB and we have hundreds
of them. But that's not because once
then I give them x%
of this is how I think about AI native
companies then they're like you can
optimize for that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. And then you go into a
different cycle and I said yes you know
whenever they do something at scale
because let's look at it like if you
think about however you define success
for AI native companies whether it's 100
million AR R billion AR R pick one there
are like 10 companies like that today.
Mhm.
>> Today, right? There are not that many
companies and if there are not that many
successful companies, they won't have a
lot of data. Some of them who have data
uh do use MongoDB, right? So, from my
standpoint, this will be an end, not an
or that when AI wave really takes off
that will of course add, but our core
data platform and core business is still
growing. That's the answer I gave
because that was the truth.
>> Thank you so much for doing this.
>> Yes. And thank you very much. I really
appreciate it. Thank you. [applause]
Find us on Twitter at no prior pod.
[music] Subscribe to our YouTube channel
if you want to see our faces. Follow the
show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or
wherever you listen. That way you get a
new episode every week. And sign up for
emails or find transcripts [music] for
every episode at no-priers.com.